hi colleagues today I'm here because I
would like to show you how I me tistic
and first time I would like just show
you ingredients and then we need a
hundred and succeed wrong floors to a
get the work with the 2 tbsp sour cream
cheese butter egg yolk sour cream making
potent and salt so also just one
teaspoon type of the Friars peking food
there is one and a half teaspoon you
could put 2 TSP and sour cream you have
to put do
two egg yolk and 120 grams butter it
would cut for dip with Natalie doesn't
matter and 160 grams cheese so now i
show you
this is a really really tasty and
sometimes we just need its forget they
were on the bus stop and sometimes we
just eat it so green pea soup or tomato
soup doesn't vary what kind of soup just
really really good beat them ready
sometimes we make a stick sometimes to
me just the difference tire doesn't
matter because of Jays the same and you
could make a biscuit
done
now I brush it with egg yolk and sour
cream
ok maybe time this so you have to cut
maybe on one inch or half inch doesn't
matter up to you
and a little bit when you do this you
have to turn this way and out of our way
for very very long because easy doing
this way
and I show you how works like
put the vedas is not sticky
this is smoke
so it's very very tasty so you have to
roll it
and have I doing this way other half and
doing differently
so sometimes they just doing this way
but it in this book
doesn't matter which I using because
from POV line
to put this solve em 375 just a
ten-minute so looks like this and i'll
show you can be and high road this
cookbook i just want to show you next
three days so many different dishes how
I mean eat how you could make it because
viele really is and simple and you could
save money so enjoy it I coming back
late now i come back just show you nice
just believe one so looks like this and
the latest and smell is really good and
this is very very